Update netatmo device trigger documentation (#46715)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/netatmo.markdown

        title: "Netatmo event"
```

## Device triggers

In addition to the raw [webhook events](#webhook-events), the Netatmo integration provides device triggers that you can select in the automation editor.
Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %}, create or open an automation, then select **Add trigger** > **Device**.
These triggers wrap the underlying `netatmo_event` types for supported devices.

The following device triggers are available:

- **Smart Indoor Camera**
  - Detected movement
  - Detected a person
  - Detected that a person left
  - Detected a human
  - Detected an animal
  - Detected a vehicle
  - Detected an outdoor event
  - Turned on
  - Turned off
  - Detected an alarm
- **Smart Outdoor Camera**
  - Detected an outdoor event
  - Detected a human
  - Detected an animal
  - Detected a vehicle
  - Turned on
  - Turned off
- **Smart Thermostat** and **Smart Valve**
  - Target temperature set manually
  - Resumed its schedule

>   - Switched mode (subtype: schedule, frost guard, or away)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Smart Indoor Camera**
  - Detected movement
  - Detected a person
  - Detected a person has left
  - Detected an alarm
- **Smart Outdoor Camera**
  - Detected an outdoor event
  - Detected a human
  - Detected an animal
  - Detected a vehicle
- **Smart Thermostat** and **Smart Valve**
  - Target temperature set manually
  - Has resumed its schedule
  - Switched to "{subtype}" (subtype: Schedule, Frost guard, or Away)
```
Are the triggers for indoor/outdoor the same? I couldn't see human, animal, vehicle for the indoor camera.

Author: Oh, well spotted. Thanks for correcting me.
